a resume I you doing here ray you
another cycle Batman free video today's
video we beefin over a couple of new
characters that have been introduced
into the Royal batman three BL Gotham
universe well they have been revisited
we have and I already will seeing one on
screen right now hoping you guys do
enjoy this little bit figure and mouse
one thing has really wow his artwork I
am pretty sure this is just a render but
he's looking just like this in the video
game is special to ps4 on the pc or on
the way you as well this looks to be his
natural environment but it also looked
like the planner where a Frankenstein
was first shown off but instead of being
bait Tyler looks like nighttime which
pleasing to the conclusion where maps
are gonna have dynamic whether not
weather from day and night cycles which
is pretty cool because just because your
mom told you that you know you could
play for two hours and then you like but
the Sun isn't mad that is a silly
example for you is a nice little
addition that I noticed and next
newcomer I'm saying newcomer cut today a
super strength lettuce comes up we have
investigated chimp or well I was just
going to a particular chip that's as
close enough as either your neighbors
has gotta get and as you can see in the
screenshots his abilities include using
a banana basically throw in bananas at
you I wonder if he could just leave the
banana peels on the field but I'll eat
the triple lose hope and also the
magnifying glass allows them to do what
many other characters can do which is
like see through walls or look at hidden
stuff that you can almost you
the other character for example
spider-man spider sense or test shots
none of the gameplay that you saw where
that shall have had an ability as well
basically these two new characters of
the be highly welcomed manoir the
library they look extremely goofy which
is a great thing I love the monkey but
beast boy is gonna be jealous especially
a peek at transformers on looking so and
no agreeing back gorilla is not the same
thing so hopefully you guys comment down
below what guys think and what do you
guys want to see from me next piece